--- Image 1 on Page 1 ---
he Moonology Oracle is a powerful spiritual tool that)

enables you to attune to the Moon and manifest the
‘life you dream of. When you need a clear answer to any
question you have, use: the cards’ to invoke a sense of
direction and’ pe, and then take action!

This idehock teins all the information you need
to. start working with the deck, and reveals the in-depth
meaning of each of its 44 cards. Ask a question or think
of your deepest desire, then draw a card to reveal the
Moon's guidance. :

YASMIN BOLAND is an award-winning ‘astrology writer

whose horoscopes and astrology columns are read by millions of |

people each week. She writes for Red, Closer and Good Health, and
is the bestselling author of Moonology and Astrology Made Easy.
www.moonology.com : ‘

ese PUES

ORACLE CARDS
GUIDEBOOK

.

YASMIN BOLAN

Artwork by Nyx Rowan

--- Image 1 on Page 2 ---
GUIDEBOOK

--- Image 1 on Page 3 ---
Mc

ORACLE CARDS
GUIDEBOOK

YASMIN BOLAND
Artwork by Nyx Rowan

at
AY
HAY HOUSE

Carlsbad, California « New York City
London e Sydney # New Delhi

--- Image 1 on Page 4 ---
Published in the United Kingdom by:

Hay House UK Ltd, Astley House, 33 Notting Hill Gate, London WI! 3JQ
Tel: +44 (0)20 3675 2450; Fax: +44 (0)20 3675 2451
www.hayhouse.co.uk

Published in the United States of America by:

Hay House Inc., PO Box 5100, Carlsbad, CA 92018-5100
Tel: (1) 760 431 7695 or (800) 654 5126

Fax: (1) 760 431 6948 or (800) 650 5115
www.hayhouse.com

Published in Australia by:
Hay House Australia Ltd, 18/36 Ralph St, Alexandria NSW 2015
Tel: (61) 2 9669 4299; Fax: (61) 2 9669 4144; www.hayhouse.com.au

Published in India by:

Hay House Publishers India, Muskaan Complex, Plot No.3, B-2,
Vasant Kunj, New Delhi 110 070

Tel: (91) 11 4176 1620; Fax: (91) 11 4176 1630; www.hayhouse.co.in

Text © Yasmin Boland, 2018

llustration © Nyx Rowan, 2018
The moral rights of the author and illustrator have been asserted.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced by any
mechanical, photographic or electronic process, or in the form of a
phonographic recording; nor may it be stored in a retrieval system,
transmitted or otherwise be copied for public or private use, other than
for ‘fair use’ as brief quotations embodied in articles and reviews, without
prior written permission of the publisher.

The information given in this book should not be treated as a substitute for
professional medical advice; always consult a medical practitioner. Any use
of information in this book is at the reader's discretion and risk. Neither
the author nor the publisher can be held responsible for any loss, claim

or damage arising out of the use, or misuse, of the suggestions made, the
failure to take medical advice or for any material on third-party websites.

A catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library.
ISBN: 978-1-78180-996-9
Printed and bound in China by BookPlus International Ltd.

--- Image 1 on Page 5 ---
CONTENTS

Introduction
What these cards are for
Blessing the cards

The Wisdom of the Moon
The Phases of the Moon

Working with the Cards
How the deck is structured
Interpreting the cards
The elements
Working with card spreads

--- Image 1 on Page 6 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

Moon Phase Cards

New Moon

Waxing Crescent Moon

First Quarter Moon
Gibbous Moon

Full Moon

Disseminati

ng Moon

Third Quarter Moon

Balsamic Moon

New Moon Cards

ew Moon
New Moon
ew Moon
New Moon
New Moon
ew Moon
New Moon

ew Moon

New Moon

New Moon

in Aries
in Taurus
in Gemini
in Cancer
in Leo

in Virgo
in Libra
in Scorpio

in Sagittarius

in Capricorn

23
24
26
28
30
32
34
36
38

4\
42
44
46
48
50
52
54
56
58
60

--- Image 1 on Page 7 ---
Contents

New Moon in Aquarius

New Moon in Pisces

Full Moon Cards
Full Moon in Aries
Full Moon in Taurus
Full Moon in Gemini
Full Moon in Cancer
Full Moon in Leo

Full Moon in Virgo

Full Moon in Libra
Full Moon in Scorpio
Full Moon in Sagittarius

Full Moon in Capricorn

Full Moon in Aquarius

Full Moon in Pisces

Special Moon Cards
New Moon Eclipse
Full Moon Eclipse
Waxing Moon

62
64

67
68
70
72
74
76
78
80
82
84
86
88
90

93
94
96
98

--- Image 1 on Page 8 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

Waning Moon
Void-of-Course Moon
Cardinal Moon

Fixed Moon

Mutable Moon
Supermoon

Blue Moon

South Node

North Node

About the Artist
About the Author

--- Image 1 on Page 9 ---
INTRODUCTION

Welcome to the mystical Moonology Oracle Cards.
The Moon is a mysterious and magical luminary
up in our skies. Sometimes she (for the Moon is a
she) is visible with the naked eye, sometimes she is
hidden, Whatever phase or zodiac sign she is in, she
always has a message for us.

The Moon has been in your life for as long as
you have been on Earth. But how many times
have you turned to her for advice? The answer
could be ‘many times’ or it could be ‘hardly ever’.
Whatever the case, the Moon now wants to lead
you forwards.

These cards have been developed to help you
tap into the Moon's ancient feminine wisdom. They
form a powerful spiritual and divination tool that will
guide you, heal you, alert you and protect you. Their
interpretations are based on very strict astrological

--- Image 1 on Page 10 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

guidelines but you will find you can use them in your
own way once you get to know them.

Everything happens for a reason, and there's a
reason you are reading this now. Perhaps you are at
the start of your journey with oracle cards, or with
the Moon, or both. Perhaps you are a seasoned
veteran when it comes to reading cards. Whatever
the case, I'm delighted that you've decided to work
with the energies of the Moon by using this deck of
cards, which has been lovingly created for you.

What these cards are for

|. Creating your life
By thinking about the cards you draw, you can
decide if you like what you're currently creating for
your future or if you can do something to change
the path you're on.

2. Planning your life

If and when you like the cards which come up, you
can start to make solid plans — the cards will always
tell you the truth!

3. Predicting your life

Once you start to become familiar with the cards,
you will see that you can make some very firm
predictions based on them.

2

--- Image 1 on Page 11 ---
Introduction

As much as the cards can be used to make
predictions for you and anyone you read for, |
believe they go much further than that. They truly
can be used to create your own reality.

When | use oracle cards myself, | like to get a
firm yes or no. As much as possible | have made it
abundantly clear if there is a yes or no in the future.
However, at other times these cards will also show
you the way you're currently headed, so that if
you're not happy with your direction you can turn
and steer yourself towards a new destiny.

Blessing the cards

Before you start to use the cards, it’s super-
important that you put your energy into them. With
the deck face down in one hand, breathe slowly and
gently as you mindfully take the cards one by one
from the top of the deck with the other hand and
place them face down, each on top of the previous
one, on a table. Now repeat the process with the
cards face up, looking at least briefly at the face of
each one as you go. With the pack complete again,
clasp them in both hands and say something along
the lines of

‘Beautiful cards, | ask you to lead me in
the right direction, with good advice for me

3

--- Image 1 on Page 12 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

and for anyone else who seeks guidance
from you. Thank you for always showing
me gently whatever | need to know as |
read you. | trust you! And so it is. So be it!’

--- Image 1 on Page 13 ---
THE WISDOM OF
THE MOON

have been a fan of oracle cards for many years, and
| am thrilled to bring you this deck of my own that
draws down the wisdom of the Moon. The Moon
is Our cosmic guide, our magical timer, and has
provided counsel for millennia. These cards allow
you, too, to receive the Moon's guidance.

Oracle cards are believed to have originated
in France in the 19th century, with the first oracle
cards said to have been created by professional
fortune-teller Marie Anne Lenormand (1772-1843),
a professional fortune-teller. Whereas tarot follows
a set format, with Major and Minor Arcana cards,
he same doesn't hold for oracle cards, which can
be created in almost any way. In the 20th century
they became increasingly popular and widespread,
and now, in the 2|st century, they are mainstream.

5

--- Image 1 on Page 14 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

It's worth noting that in tarot, too, the Moon
cards are shrouded in mystery, like the Moon itself.
My hope is that this oracle deck will also be full of
magic and enigma, and will illuminate your way just
as the Full Moon illuminates the night sky.

Let's consider the word ‘oracle’. The current
Oxford Dictionary gives its principal meaning as
‘A priest or priestess acting as a medium through
whom advice or prophecy was sought from the gods in
classical antiquity’. It is my belief that many of us have
lost sight of the fact that we can each be our own
oracle. The Moon and the Moonology Oracle Cards
can be used to remedy this.

As we have moved away from nature and into
the industrialized lifestyle in which most of us in
the Western World find ourselves, we have lost
touch with our ability to create, plan and predict
our lives. But people have worked with the Moon
for millennia, women in particular. However, during
what is now referred to as ‘The Burning Times’
(1300-1800) women were hanged, drowned and
burned at the stake for meddling with the Moon
or doing anything else which brought forth their
feminine powers.

Those women were called witches, a word
that is supercharged these days, and not always in
a good way. | think of myself as ‘a good witch’, ‘a

6

--- Image 1 on Page 15 ---
The Wisdom of the Moon

middle-class witch’ even, and as a sorceress and
‘creatrix’, too. Women, witches, sorceresses and
creatrices have used objects for divination for years.
We have also looked at the Moon cycles. These two
time-honoured traditions are brought together in
these cards.

While you get used to the Moon cards you can
use the interpretations in this guidebook, but over
time you will also develop your own, extended
understanding of the cards’ meanings. You will start
to be the oracle, rather than using the oracle.

If you draw a card during a reading and it
gives you a particular ‘feeling’, honour that!

While | would suggest you become familiar with the
cards before you start to add your own ideas, that's
definitely part of the end game: tapping into your
powers to read in the cards your own version of the
present and the future.

You will see that the interpretations in this
guidebook sometimes suggest many possible
outcomes. That's because these cards stick very
closely to traditional astrological wisdom and all
astrological events have various possible outcomes.
So read the cards with your heart and your intuition
as much as with your eyes and your brain. The

7

--- Image 1 on Page 16 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

answer you're seeking will always come to you,
Getting to know the cards and using them a lot will
help you to connect with them even better.

--- Image 1 on Page 17 ---
Many p

THE PHASES OF
THE MOON

eople using these cards may find it helpful

to learn about the main Moon phases and other
Moon-related facts, though you don't need to know

any of

his to use these cards. That said, I'm hoping

some of those who feel drawn to work with the

deck wi

ll use it as a springboard for going on to learn

more about the Moon.

No
Moon

matter which zodiac sign the New or Full
s in during any month, the Moon always

moves through these phases in the same order.

Rath
decks,

er than following any other oracle card
have worked purely and simply with the

energies of the Moon as she moves through her

various
course,

incarnations — New, Full and Super — and, of
through the |2 star signs.

--- Image 1 on Page 18 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

There are eight main Moon phases, and each has

its own keywords:

New Moon Clean slate, potential,

dreams

Waxing

Crescent Moon | forwards, faith

Courage, moving

First Quarter

Challenges, confidence,
commitment

Full Moon

a
Gibbous Moon | Tweak hone, adjust

Results, forgiveness,
gratitude

i
Disseminating | Relax, accept, regroup |
| Moon
=
Third Quarter | Re-evaluate, balance,
| Moon trust
@ Balsamic Moon | Healing, soothing,
| | Surrender _|

--- Image 1 on Page 19 ---
WORKING WITH
THE CARDS

The Moonology Oracle deck comprises 44 powerful
and magical cards to use whether you want a deep
answer to a probing question or just quick guidance.
You can ask questions about love, money, work or
anything else you like. If you are feeling confused
about something, the cards will do their best to
bring you clarity.

How the deck is structured

The deck is divided into four parts, each representing
the unfolding story of the eight main monthly Moon
phases:

Moon phase cards
These show the eight phases of the lunar month, as
described in the table on page 10.

I]

--- Image 1 on Page 20 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

New Moon cards
The 12 New Moon cards bring an energy of
newness and beginnings as they pass through each
sign of the zodiac.

Full Moon cards
The |2 Full Moon cards herald climaxes and
conclusions in each sign of the zodiac.

Special Moon cards

The wild cards mark standout, sometimes
unexpected, situations. They are New Moon
Eclipse, Full Moon Eclipse, Waxing Moon, Waning
Moon, Void-of-Course Moon, Cardinal Moon,
Fixed Moon, Mutable Moon, Supermoon, Blue
Moon, South Node and North Node.

Interpreting the cards

You can be sure that whichever card you draw, no
matter which phase the Moon is in on that day, it's
the right card for you. For example, if you were
to pull the New Moon in Gemini card on a Full
Moon in Scorpio day, the interpretation of the New
Moon in Gemini card is still your answer. The cards
are purely symbolic representations of the many
energies that we get from our ever-changing Moon.

12

--- Image 1 on Page 21 ---
Working with the Cards

Overall interpretation

On each card you will find the overarching likely
answer to your question. This encapsulates the
energies of the card and the message it is sending to
you. The cards are predictive, so will tell you what
your thoughts and feelings are currently creating,
and where they will take you. You'll be given ideas
to harness the energies of the card if you're happy
with it, and how to change things if you're not.

Additional meanings

Can every single interpretation in each card's
‘Additional meanings’ apply to you? Probably not!
In fact, some of the additional meanings listed may
even appear contradictory at times — but astrology
covers everything, so you need to understand all
the possibilities each card brings. Every Moon
phase has various meanings and you will need to be
honest with yourself and decode the one that you
feel, viscerally, is for you.

‘Attune to the Moon’

Affirmations and guidance to help you manifest,
complete, release or remove whatever you need to
make positive change in your life.

--- Image 1 on Page 22 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

The teaching

Each card's ‘teaching’ provides additional
information about the Moon, and how it connects
with the card's message, for people interested
in learning more about astrology. Use the
interpretations in this guidebook as well as the
beautiful images on the cards to learn more about
the current energies.

The elements

As in astrology, Moonology uses the four main
elements: fire, earth, air and water. Each element
brings its own qualities and is assigned to three star
signs:

* Fire (intense, suggesting heat lies head) — Aries,
Leo and Sagittarius

* Earth (grounded and promises _ stability)
— Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn

+ Air (asks you to apply your intellect or logic) —
Gemini, Libra and Aquarius

* Water (emotional and asks you to sense your
feelings) — Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces

Learning to ‘feel’ these elements as you use the
cards will not only help your understanding of the

14

--- Image 1 on Page 23 ---
Working with the Cards

cards but will also teach you more about how the
Moon cycle works.

Once you start to really feel the
qualities of the elements, you will
begin to awaken other deep-seated
knowledge that you have about
the Moon and the cosmos.

The beautiful illustrations by artist Nyx Rowan
can be used as meditation tools. You could, for
example, develop a daily practice of pulling a single
card and placing it before you as you meditate
on the message. Ask the Ancient Greek and
Roman goddesses of the Moon — Selene or Diana,
respectively — for example, or the archangels
associated with the Moon — Haniel or Gabriel — to
help you understand whatever it is that you need
to know. They will shine down understanding upon
you like moonbeams, no matter what time of the
day or night you ask for help.

Although the beautiful images are soft and
mysterious, as you read the interpretations of the
cards you will see that there are strong and often
quite clear messages giving you an idea of how your
future is going to play out, with a very practical feel
to the answers or interpretations. In time you can

15

--- Image 1 on Page 24 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

start to expand on these original meanings, noting
how the cards show up for you.

Working with card spreads
You can use the cards any way you want to. | like to
take a moment to compose myself before asking a
question, mindful of the powerful forces | am calling
on when | read cards, but then | may simply pull a
single card to answer a single question. For me, that's
a super-powerful and fast way to get an answer.
Traditionally, however, card readers have created
what are known as ‘spreads’, This is a way of laying
out the cards so that each one relates to a specific
question or answer. The Celtic Cross and Three-
card Spreads are two traditional tarot spreads that
you can also use.

Celtic cross spread

* Card | — The present

* Card 2 — The challenge

* Card 3—The past

* Card 4— The recent past

* Card 5 —The outcome if nothing else changes

* Card 6 — Path to the future

16

--- Image 1 on Page 25 ---
Working with the Cards

* Card 7— More about you
* Card 8 — More about the situation
* Card 9 — Hopes and fears

* Card 10 — Final outcome

~
ese ee

--- Image 1 on Page 26 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

Three-card spread

* Card | — The past
* Card 2 — The present

* Card 3 — The future

Alternatively, you can try one of the two spreads
below, using the same card formation. (You can find
information about current Moon phases in the Daily
oon message on the home page of my website
at www.moonology.com.) Please note | do not use
reversed cards, i.e. those that are upside-down in
he deck).

New Moon three-card spread

Do this spread at the time of the New Moon or as

soon after It as you can, before it changes phase.
The New Moon is a time for new starts. As you

select the cards, think about the coming month and

ask the Divine to guide you to cards that will help

you to understand the energies that lie ahead. The

18

--- Image 1 on Page 27 ---
Working with the Cards

layout will also work if you ask a specific question
about the month ahead.

* Card | — What's rising up in me?
* Card 2— The main message this New Moon
* Card 3 — The final outcome

Full Moon three-card spread

Do this spread at the time of the Full Moon or as
soon after it as you can, though it matters less than it
does with the New Moon whether you do it before
or after exactitude. As you choose the cards, you
can either ask a specific question or ask the Divine
for general guidance at this time.

* Card | — What's falling away and what do | need
to forgive?
* Card 2 — What's the illuminated Full Moon
showing me?
* Card 3 —What comes next?

Waxing Moon four-card spread

The Waxing Moon is the time from the New Moon
to the Full Moon — a period of approximately two
weeks — when the Moon appears to be growing in
size every night. This is the time for working with

19

--- Image 1 on Page 28 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

gusto towards your goals, and the cards in this
spread reflect that. Think about your number-one
aim of the moment and then, one by one, place your
chosen cards face down in this layout:

at

Card | — What's rising up in me between now
and the Full Moon?

Card 2 — What's the solution to any challenge |
face now?

Card 3 — The advice

Card 4 — The final outcome

Here is a reading showing how you might interpret
the cards in the various positions.

20

--- Image 1 on Page 29 ---
Working with the Cards

* Card | (What's rising up in me between now and
the Full Moon?) Result: Supermoon — something
exciting lies ahead!

* Card 2 (What's the solution to any challenge
| face now?) Result: Waning Moon — move
forward with as little resistance as possible

* Card 3 (The advice) Result: New Moon in
Gemini — communication is key

* Card 4 — (The outcome) Result: Full Moon
Eclipse — cede control and let events unfold

Waning Moon four-card spread

The Waning Moon phase is from the Full Moon
to the New Moon. It lasts for around two weeks
and is a time when we need to release and let go.
The questions in this spread relate to issues that
are likely to come up during this period. You can
ask the Divine either about something you suspect
you need to let go of in this phase or for general
guidance for its duration. Lay out the cards in the
same formation as for the Waxing Moon four-card
spread (above).

* Card | — What do | need to release?
* Card 2 — What will help me?

2|

--- Image 1 on Page 30 ---
Moonology Oracle Cards

* Card 3 — What will help me to accept and
surrender?

* Card 4—-The final outcome

My hope is that you will return to these cards again
and again, until the edges become well-worn; that
you know and love the deck and — most importantly
— entrust to it your most important questions.

The Moon is guided by the Divine Mother and |
dedicate these cards to her.

Yasmin Boland

22

--- Image 1 on Page 32 ---
A new start is coming!
New Moon

There is a ‘Yes!’ coming your way. This is one of
the most auspicious cards in the deck; it’s totally
positive and suggests something new and exciting
is developing. The situation you're asking about
is blessed, and you are on target to achieve your
goals. The message from the Universe is that you're
starting all over again in some way, be that on a
new or better course or just feeling more positive
about achieving your desired outcome. If you've
been feeling stagnant, this card reminds you that life

24

--- Image 1 on Page 33 ---
New Moon

goes in cycles and you're moving into a new cycle
now. This is the time to wipe the slate clean. If the
situation you asked about has become toxic, either
that will clear up now or something totally new and
fresh is on its way.

Attune to the Moon
I'll see tt when | believe it.

Additional meanings for this card

* Anew start is on its way.

* You will soon start to feel more hopeful about
getting what you want.

* Your belief that your dreams can manifest is
working well.

* Forget about the past.

The teaching

The New Moon marks the start of the Waxing cycle
and the mid-point of the Dark Moon. It's a dark and
veiled time, when the Moon is invisible, and a time
of rebirth. It's a time that witches do their work,
making wishes and laying down intentions for the
new cycle; an intensely magical time, when it’s easier
to pierce the veil to other worlds.

25

--- Image 1 on Page 34 ---
Have faith in your dreams
Waxing Crescent Moon

Don't give up! The situation you're asking about is
still taking shape — you're nowhere near the end
of the story. Whatever is happening now is just
a step along the way. As they say in the self-help
classics, ‘Everything will be okay in the end; if it’s
not okay, it’s not the end.’ However, the Waxing
Crescent Moon card is a reminder that you must
still keep working towards whatever it is that you
want. If you can't take practical steps, spend time
meditating on the question you're asking about and

26

--- Image 1 on Page 35 ---
Waxing Crescent Moon

allow your higher self to download information to
you about your best next step. Overall this card
suggests there is every reason to be hopeful for a
very positive outcome to the situation you're asking
about, so keep the faith!

Attune to the Moon
| am focused on what | want.

Additional meanings for this card
° Just because you can't see your dreams, it doesn’t
mean they're not manifesting.

* Don't look back — stay focused on moving
forwards.

* Be patient as events unfold.

¢ Diga little deeper to find more courage.

The teaching

The Waxing Crescent Moon is the second Moon
phase in the eight main Moon phases, but even if it’s
not the time of the Waxing Crescent Moon when
you pull this card, it still suggests you need to really
pursue your dreams. It's the time to put your foot
down hard as you chase your goals.

27

--- Image 1 on Page 36 ---
Your commitment is being tested
First Quarter Moon

There cou

hurdles w
think is po
you proba
that some

d be some chal

but they're just the Unive
The First Quarter Moon calls for you to face any

ith confidence.
ssible? If you be

hing is too big

probably is. See how it wo

dreams wi

enges coming your way,
se's way of testing you.

What do you actually
ieve you can do it, then

bly can; if you spend your life affirming

for you to surmount, it
rks? Do you believe your

| come true or have you secretly already

given up? Showing some commitment now will

28

--- Image 1 on Page 37 ---
First Quarter Moon

help you move towards your desired outcome.
What you believe to be true is true for you, so
believe in yourself.

Attune to the Moon
| am committed to my dreams and move towards
them with confidence.

Additional meanings for this card
* The answer to your question is ‘Yes, but not yet’.

* You're half way to your goal.
* You still need to put in a bit more effort.

* Sometimes we just need to realize how much we
want something.

* You need to recommit to someone or something.

The teaching

In the lunar cycle, the First Quarter Moon comes
between the New Moon and the Full Moon.
It's a time when the Sun and Moon are at a hard
astrological angle to each other and this can prompt
a small crisis. No matter when you pull this card,
you need to see any dramas asa stepping stone to
where you want to be. It can also be a time when
you need to stay strong through a storm.

29

--- Image 1 on Page 38 ---
You're very close to achieving your goal
Gibbous Moon

The word gibbous means ‘bulging’. What a descriptive
word, right? And pulling this card at any time of the
month suggests that the situation you're asking about
is bulging with possibility and coming to a peak. But
this isn't an ‘ending’ card with a neat ‘yes’ or ‘no’
answer, Rather, you're being reminded that some
adjustments may yet be required before you get
what you want, though you're certainly on the right
track, which is hopefully reassuring for you. However,
there is also a sense that the situation is a bit tense, so

30

--- Image 1 on Page 39 ---
Gibbous Moon

don't push too hard — one false move and the whole
thing could blow! That's not meant to scare yous it’s
just to let you know there's a fuse attached to this
situation, so be careful if you choose to light it.

Attune to the Moon
| know that I'm on the right track.

Additional meanings for this card
* Now is a good time to review your plans.

* Keep the momentum going as you move towards
your dreams.

° Stay focused.
* It's a good time to start a new project.

* You need to get back into good health habits

The teaching

The Gibbous Moon comes at the very end of the
lunar cycle, just before the Full Moon. She looks
like she’s bulging because she's almost a Full Moon,
so she’s nearly fully rounded. It's the culmination of
the Waxing cycle and, as such, tends to be a rather
intense period of the month. No matter when you
pull this card, it suggests a very ripe time and a very
ripe situation.

3]

--- Image 1 on Page 40 ---
Surrender to the Divine
Full Moon

The very word ‘climax’ brings all sorts of ideas
and images to mind — agreed? But it really is the
feeling of this card: life is coming to a head, a point,
a conclusion or a turning point; there may be some
kind of change, and possibly even some sort of
emotional explosion. Tune into your emotions now
and see what they're telling you. They're very likely
close to the surface, no matter when in the Moon
cycle you've pulled this card. Matters will soon
conclude and you'll find out whether or not your

32

--- Image 1 on Page 41 ---
Full Moon

wishes are going to come true. The odds are in your
favour, as this is a positive card, but you may need
to work harder than usual to keep cool as events
unfold.

Attune to the Moon
| am getting the answers | need.

Additional meanings for this card
* A wish you made may be about to come true.

¢ It's make-or-break time.

* There could be a sense of madness in the air
— breathe deep and stay calm.

* You may need to forgive someone to release
negative energy.

* It's time to let go of the past and move on.

The teaching

The Full Moon marks the climax of the lunar cycle,
making this card something of a power card. The
Full Moon is often the time when answers are
given to questions asked during the New Moon,
and pulling this card at any time in the lunar cycle
suggests answers will be coming your way before
too long.

33

--- Image 1 on Page 42 ---
Take time to breathe out
Disseminating Moon

The intensity of the Full Moon has abated — and
what are we left with? That's what this card is
asking you. It suggests that the situation you're
asking about has now peaked and it’s time for you
to regroup and learn from your experiences rather
than blindly forging ahead. Have faith that what is
happening is for the best. Try to accept the way
things are now, and give yourself and others time
out to relax. Breathe; we can't be ‘on’ all the time.
If you feel you've hit an obstacle or even failed in

34

--- Image 1 on Page 43 ---
Disseminating Moon

some way, now is the time to reflect on how to do
things differently next time. Be honest with yourself
if you feel bad about your current situation and then
remind yourself that life goes in cycles.

Attune to the Moon
lam where | am and it’s okay.

Additional meanings for this card
* You should know where you stand either now
or very soon.

* You need to take some time out for your own
good.

* It’s time for you to share your wisdom and
experience with someone else.

* Avoid falling into a slump.

The teaching

The Disseminating Moon is the first Moon phase
after the explosion of energy that comes with the Full
Moon. No matter when you pick this card, it suggests
you're at a more tranquil point in the life cycle of
whatever situation you're asking about. This is not the
ideal time to start something new. The Disseminating
Moon is the time to breathe out. Give yourself some
time off and think about what has passed.

35

--- Image 1 on Page 44 ---
Adjustments are required
Third Quarter Moon

Think of yourself as a vessel that has been filled more
and more over the past few weeks. Some of what
has come your way may have been wonderful, but
there is also a lot of negativity and you need to let
go of this. Whatever situation you're asking about
now, be honest about whether there are toxic
emotions involved which you need to release into
the ethers. This card also comes with the promise
that all is not lost! However, there are changes or
adjustments required before you will get to where

36

--- Image 1 on Page 45 ---
Third Quarter Moon

you want to be. A change of course is forecast now
that recent events have been understood and acted
upon. There may also be a ‘crisis’ now which will
remind you what you want and what it’s time to let
go of, so pay attention.

Attune to the Moon"
| am reevaluating the situation.

Additional meanings for this card

* Your life may be out of balance and this may be
causing your issues. It may be time to hatch a
whole new plan.

* Something new and exciting is around the corner.

* Trust may be required to move this situation
forwards.

The teaching
At the time of the Third Quarter Moon, we know

where we have been — but where are we going? The
Moon is now a Half Moon and slipping away from
us as she catches less and less light, moving towards
her full disappearance at New Moon. It's a time of
falling away and a time to reevaluate. No matter
when you draw this card, the teaching is to release
and to trust.

37

--- Image 1 on Page 46 ---
A time for healing

Balsamic Moon

Pulling this card suggests that the past is in the past
and a bright future is beckoning. However, before
you take your next step, make sure that both you
and the situation feel healed — this is not the time
to paper over cracks or to simply pretend that
everything is okay. Rather, you still need a little
more time to heal and to soothe both yourself and
anyone else in need. Then remind yourself that
anything is possible if you believe it. This is also a
time to surrender and wait to hear guidance from

38

--- Image 1 on Page 47 ---
Balsamic Moon

the Universe. Powerful insights can be had. If you
know that someone or something really isn't good
for you, this card is a reminder to surrender. Start to
work on your belief in your dreams so you're ready
when the time comes.

Attune to the Moon
When one is healed, all are healed.

Additional meanings
* It's time to let go of the past.

* You are about to turn the corner.
* You need more time to heal.

¢« Think about how this situation would look if
everyone were healed.

The teaching

Patience is required at the time of the Balsamic
Moon. It's a time for self-care as you slowly but
surely prepare yourself for the New Moon, which
is just around the corner. No matter which point in
the current Moon cycle you have pulled this card,
it's a reminder to go a little bit easy on yourself.
The time to step into your creatrix power will come
soon enough. Give yourself the time you need.

39

--- Image 1 on Page 50 ---
It’s time to take action
New Moon in Aries

The flame is lit! A wonderful new start beckons
and you're on the right track. Drawing this card Is a
superbly positive sign if there is something you want
to happen in your life. Take this card as a big ‘Yes!’
from the Universe. This is the time to really tune
in to your dreams. You may still have a long way to
go (after all, Aries is the first sign of the zodiac) but
you're on your way. Determination, self-assertion
and bravery are called for, but the hot fire of Aries Is
driving you towards success in whatever endeavour

42

--- Image 1 on Page 51 ---
New Moon in Aries

you're asking about. The caution? Don't go too fast
and forget your manners. Treat people well as you
charge towards your goals — you'll create much
better karma for yourself.

Attune to the Moon
Don't even think about giving up.

Additional meanings for this card
* Do your best — and be happy with that.

¢ Avoid being brash right now.
* You need a |2-month plan.

* Anew male is coming into your life.

The teaching

Aries is the first sign of the zodiac, so the New Moon
in Aries is the first of the 12 or 13 New Moons of
the year. If you're committed to working with all the
lunations, then the New Moon in Aries is the right
time to start, and drawing this card — no matter
when you do it — signifies it’s also the ideal time to
start your Moon work, such as setting intentions.

43

--- Image 1 on Page 52 ---
Prosperity lies ahead

New Moon in Taurus

This card will often come up when you're enquiring
about a financial matter or when you're doubting
your self-worth. The card suggests you can have
what you want — including material things — but you
must believe in yourself. This comes down to the
laws of attraction: value yourself and others will
value you too. You can create abundance! Taurus is
associated with luxurious Venus and this card holds
the New Moon energy, so now is a good time to
make a |2-month financial plan. This card can also

44

--- Image 1 on Page 53 ---
New Moon in Taurus

signal the start of a new relationship, or of sexier
times. If you've been wrestling with something for a
long time, the New Moon in sturdy Taurus is a sign
not to give up Just yet!

Attune to the Moon
Get or give a massage — healthy body, healthy mind.

Additional meanings for this card
* You will soon be able to afford the thing you're
dreaming of.

¢ Getting clear on what you value most will help
you find peace.

* Take some time out to pamper yourself.

* Start a standing order to a savings account, no
matter how small.

The teaching

We often feel that it's somehow wrong to focus on
our finances but the truth is that money can make life
far more comfortable from a physical point of view.
Taurus knows this and the New Moon in Taurus is
the time to work your magic to create the money
you want so you can have the creature comforts
you want. Remember, though, that someone else is
still wishing for what you already have.

45

--- Image 1 on Page 54 ---
Communication is key

New Moon in Gemini

A successful relationship usually comes down to
one thing: communication. And the New Moon in
Gemini card is all about the start of a new cycle
for communicating with the person at the centre of
your question. Talking things through is the answer
to whatever it is you're asking about. If you can't
talk to that person, you can journal about it to
yourself. Emails, text messages and all other forms
of communication will also help you now. If the issue
you're asking about concerns a sibling or neighbour,

46

--- Image 1 on Page 55 ---
New Moon in Gemini

there's a new start coming, a time to wipe the slate
clean and start over. This card could also suggest
you've been too frivolous lately and need to get
grounded again. But most importantly, drawing this
card emphasizes the need to communicate.

Attune to the Moon
Write a list of all the people you love most and see
if you're prioritizing them.

Additional meanings for this card
* Time to tell someone how you feel.

¢ Don't be all in your head and not in your heart.
* Someone is flirting with you.

¢ Read more books.

The teaching

Gemini is the sign of communication and socializing,
of ideas and travel, and the energy around it and
around this card (no matter when you pull it) is
speedy, gossipy and flirtatious. The New Moon in
Gemini is a wonderful time to get out and socialize —
Gemini loves a chat. One thing to be aware of is that
this card can also indicate being mentally ‘scattered’,
Daily meditations will help to unscramble crossed
wires in your brain.

47

--- Image 1 on Page 56 ---
You and your loved ones are safe

New Moon in Cancer

There's a new start coming in your private life.
Something is rising up in connection with the people
and places you hold dearest. This can be to do with a
member of your family, a flatmate or moving house.
If you're hoping to move forwards with something
special in your private life, this card comes to you
as a message that you can do it. If you've been
neglecting your family, it's time to reconnect with
them. If you've been neglecting yourself, you need
to take better care of yourself and nurture yourself

48

--- Image 1 on Page 57 ---
New Moon in Cancer

more. If your insecurity is holding you back, that's
something for you to work on now. Doing so could
bring you your heart's desire.

Attune to the Moon
Make sure you put family first.

Additional meanings for this card
* Let someone get a bit closer to you.

* Anew cycle is starting for your child or children,

« It's time to review your goals — have they
changed?

* Meditation will help you banish your insecurities.

* Spending time near water will bring you peace
and answers.

The teaching

The Full Moon in Cancer can be a super-emotional
time. The Moon is all about emotions and Cancer
is a water sign and also very emotional! Saying that,
the Moon is very happy in the sign of Cancer —
it's one of her two home signs, along with Taurus
— so whenever you pull it, this card suggests that
whatever happens next will be in your favour. It's
especially positive for family matters.

49

--- Image 1 on Page 58 ---
Confidence is your key to success
New Moon in Leo

This card heralds the start of a new cycle for you,
when you're going to look and feel more gorgeous,
more in the spotlight, more like you have something
worth showing off. If you want someone's attention,
this card says, ‘It’s coming!’ However, this may not
happen all by itself. You have to be willing to do
your bit — that means being proud of who you are
and what you have to offer. Think of yourself as
the King or Queen of the Jungle, and carry yourself
accordingly. This card is also a great omen if you're

50

--- Image 1 on Page 59 ---
New Moon in Leo

asking about a creative project you're working on.
Alternatively, it can herald good news, or a new
start, for your children.

Attune to the Moon
Make time to have fun.

Additional meanings for this card
+ It's time for you to show the world what you've
got.

* Shine your light!
* Have some pride.
* Spoil yourself — you've earned It.

* You've turned someone's head.

The teaching

Leo is the sign of the big- and brave-hearted lion, of
pride and showmanship — and flirting. The energy
around the New Moon in Leo (and therefore around
this card, whenever you pick it) is hot and generous.
The energy loves itself, and so should you. If you've
been too much of a wallflower, this New Moon card
(and the Leo New Moon) comes as a reminder that
you need to be proud of who you are.

51

--- Image 1 on Page 60 ---
A time to give rather than take
New Moon in Virgo

When this card comes up, it’s time for you to take
stock of your situation. Where are you, and where
do you want to go? The New Moon energy of
this card suggests a restart and the Virgo energy
suggests you make that restart a clever one that's
simple and well organized. Virgo also has a strong
health aspect to it, so if you've been unwell, this
card suggests that your health is on the up. Virgo
loves clean eating and alternative therapies, so add
these into your routines now, however you've been

52

--- Image 1 on Page 61 ---
New Moon in Virgo

feeling. If a situation is blocked at the moment, it
could be that you're over-analyzing things or being
too critical. It's time to ask less what someone else
can do for you and to think more about what you
can do for others.

Attune with the Moon
Recommit to healthy morning and evening routines.

Additional meanings for this card
* Gradual improvements are coming.

* Pay attention to detail if you want success
(without being pedantic!).

* Be of service to others, and love and money will
follow.

* The person you're asking about is reliable.

The teaching

Virgo is the sign of health, service and analysis —
its energy is precise and has a feel of the harvest
about it. When this card comes up, it could be that
a wonderful bounty is coming your way. However,
the energy of the New Moon in Virgo is usually
about getting your life in order, so that's what you
need to do at the time of the Virgo New Moon and
whenever else you pull this card.

53

--- Image 1 on Page 62 ---
A new romantic cycle beings
New Moon in Libra

Give-and-take could well be the answer to whatever
dilemma you're asking about — compromise may
be called for. It's time to start negotiating, or even
renegotiating. When the New Moon in Libra comes
up, there's a restart for you and for someone else —
a new relationship could be beginning, and if that’s
the case the chances are this will be a healthy and
well-balanced connection. In anything you do after
pulling this card, doing it in pairs is advised, such as
teaming up with someone in business or in your

54

--- Image 1 on Page 63 ---
New Moon in Libra

personal life. Libra is the sign of relating and this card
suggests that whoever is at the heart of the issue
you're addressing is someone who will be open to
talking things through. Avoid being selfish — it won't
get you anywhere at this time.

Attune to the Moon
Reach out to someone and let them know you care.

Additional meanings for this card
* Feel more, think less.

* Marriage or engagement is on the cards.
* A legal matter will go your way.

* Pay some attention to your appearance but
don't be all about appearances.

The teaching

Libra is the sign of love and harmony, negotiation and
relationships; it is harmonious, kind and luxurious,
and always aiming for balance. So when we have
the New Moon in Libra, or at any time you draw
this card, there's a restart possible for anything and
everything connected to partnerships, negotiations,
appearances and justice. Remember that Libra is
depicted by a set of scales — this energy wants to
bring things back to equilibrium.

55

--- Image 1 on Page 64 ---
Work through your fears

New Moon in Scorpio

This card suggests a rebirth. Think of your situation
as the phoenix that's rising from the ashes; as the
‘birth, death, rebirth’ paradigm. That's what Scorpio
energy is all about. Whatever you've been through,
there's a new start ahead. It might be a little dark (it
almost certainly won't be rainbows and unicorns),
but it will be deep and transforming. This card also
suggests that if you know you are magical, then this
is the time to work your magic. It can also herald the
start of a sexier time, if you've been experiencing

56

--- Image 1 on Page 65 ---
New Moon in Scorpio

something of a drought, and emotional intimacy is
also on the menu. Scorpio is the sign that likes to go
deep into body, mind and spirit, so when this card
comes up, there's nothing superficial about what's
coming your way.

Attune to the Moon
Have some sexy time.

Additional meanings for this card
* Time to let go of a grudge you're holding.

* Move on from jealousy.
* Stop being obsessive.
* Could it be you're being paranoid?

« Make an investment.

The teaching

Scorpio is the sign of death and rebirth, magic
and shamans — its energy is a little bit dark, occult,
even scary. Not all of us like to face the shadow
but Scorpio demands it. In fact, it’s through working
through your dark side that you can get to the light,
and the New Moon in Scorpio (and the appearance
of this card at any other time) suggests you need to
do that now.

57

--- Image 1 on Page 66 ---
Luck is on your side
New Moon in Sagittarius

Whatever is coming your way, it looks set to put a
smile on your face. The New Moon in Sagittarius
can mark the restart of fun after a period of feeling
low. The energy is adventurous and even willing to
take a few risks — but be careful you don't bet the
farm on something here, as the wheel of fortune
is still spinning! This card is about exploring life
metaphorically, by exchanging big ideas with others
or just thinking about your own philosophies.
Perhaps it’s time to change your mind about

58

--- Image 1 on Page 67 ---
New Moon in Sagittarius

something important? It can also signal that a trip
away is coming up, if that's something you're working
to achieve. But the overall message of this card is
that whatever happens next will be some sort of gift,
even if that simply means widening your world view.

Attune to the Moon
Count your blessings — literally. Write them down
or say them out loud.

Additional meanings for this card
* You need to laugh more!

* This is a wonderful time to start a course of
study or teaching.

* Don't be narrow-minded.

* Start a week of gratitude practice (eg. via
Facebook, a journal or blog).

The teaching

Sagittarius is the sign of fun, travel, exploration and
the Great Cosmic Quest. It's the sign of big ideas
— its energy is expansive, upbeat, lucky and Divine.
The New Moon in Sagittarius exudes all this, as
does this card whenever you draw it. Nothing is set
in stone with Sagittarius and an optimistic energy
could attract all manner of good things if you tap
into the energy by expecting the best.

59

--- Image 1 on Page 68 ---
Your hard work is paying off

New Moon in Capricorn

First and foremost, this card suggests a new start for
you professionally. Whatever has been going on in
your working life, this card heralds the start of anew
and improved work cycle. If you're unhappy in your
current job, this is the time to either renegotiate
your position or look for something new. Whatever
your question, whether work-related or otherwise,
a new plan and strategy is called for. You need to
take a look at the long-term and think about where
you want to be in 12 months’ or even five years’

60

--- Image 1 on Page 69 ---
New Moon in Capricorn

time. That will inform your best course of action
now, so think seriously about it. Drawing this card
suggests it’s a time for you to be ambitious about
whatever it is that you want to achieve.

Attune to the Moon
Make a proper plan and execute it well.

Additional meanings for this card
* You need to be more disciplined to reach your
goal.

* Hard work will make your dreams a reality.
* Avery good omen for study or teaching,

* Don't be too controlling, and avoid anyone who
is controlling.

The teaching

Capricorn is the sign of ambition, building and hard
work — the energy is solid and rigid. The New Moon
in Capricorn is a powerful lunation that comes
towards the end of each year and marks arguably
the best moment annually to make a list of your
hopes, dreams, ambitions and intentions for the
year ahead. Pulling this card at any time suggests
that with planning and discipline you can achieve
whatever you set your mind to.

61

--- Image 1 on Page 70 ---
Bring love into the situation
New Moon in Aquarius

Aquarius is all about progress and modernity, so this
is the time to move forwards. The New Moon in
Aquarius card means ‘No looking back!’ Change is
on its way and it could come quickly. Whether you
get the change you want depends both on whether
you believe you can have it and how much you're
relying on others to bring it to you. This card comes
with the suggestion that you may need to do things
independently, on your own. But be loving — not too
pragmatic! Time may be of the essence when this

62

--- Image 1 on Page 71 ---
New Moon in Aquarius

card comes up — Aquarius energy has an electric
feel to it. Certainly there is a sense that you need to
let go of the past and move towards your future as
soon as possible.

Attune to the Moon

Explore the idea that it’s not what you know but
whom you know.

Additional meanings for this card
* Youneed to be more detached from this situation,

* Thinking outside the box will bring the solution.
* More pragmatism is called for.

* Improve your karma by doing some charitable
work,

The teaching

Aquarius is the sign of invention, modern advances
and technology, and humanity. Its energy is a little
brittle — it’s individual, scientific even, and relatively
emotionally detached. Many people think Aquarius
is a water sign because the Aquarius symbol is the
Water Bearer, but it’s actually an air sign and is far
more about intellect than the emotional water
signs — as is this card, no matter when you draw it.
Dropping convention works well with this energy.

63

--- Image 1 on Page 72 ---
Meditate and contemplate

New Moo

This card speaks of d

nin Pisces

reams and romance, of

soulmates and poetry. It suggests there's a new start
coming your way that's connected to a matter that

leaves you feeling somew
head in the clouds and bei

here between having your
ng in a totally altered state.

There could be confusion and disappointment if

that’s what you've had be

fore and that’s what you're

expecting, However, if you're onto a good thing then
wish hard because the words of your soul and your

heart could help bring a

bout the manifestation of

64

--- Image 1 on Page 73 ---
New Moon in Pisces

your dreams. If all that sounds a little wet and watery,
then that’s Pisces for you. This is the last sign of the
zodiac, and the New Moon in Pisces card can suggest
a last-ditch chance to make your dreams come true.

Attune to the Moon
Use your feelings to guide your way (logic won't
work right now).

Additional meanings for this card
* Face your fears — they may be holding you back.

* This situation is being healed.

* It's time to surrender to the Divine — chant ‘Om
Namo Narayani’.

* Avoid being deceptive or willingly deceived.

The teaching

Pisces is the sign of reveries and mysteries, or depths
of emotion, idealism and hopeless romantics. It is
the sign of water and the unconscious — its energy is
deep, like watery depths. The New Moon in Pisces
indicates a time to listen to your feelings and to allow
your emotions free rein. Whatever you're feeling
as you pull this card is more likely than the truth,
unless you've been kidding yourself somehow — and
only you know if that's the case or not.

65

--- Image 1 on Page 75 ---
i

--- Image 1 on Page 76 ---
A fiery climax approaches!
Full Moon in Aries

It's time to see if you've been a little bit too much
‘me, me, me’. There's a tug-of-war going on between
what you want and what someone else wants, but
you'll have to wait a little while to see what's going to
happen next. As you wait, ask yourself if you've been
handling the situation as sensitively as you could
have done. If you know deep down that you've been
a little rash or harsh, gone too fast or over-stepped
the mark, then accept that on some level you've
created this situation yourself, which means you can

68

--- Image 1 on Page 77 ---
Full Moon in Aries

create your way out of it too. When this card comes
up, a peak is coming and it could be fiery!

Attune to the Moon
Be nice, be kind, smile and be polite as you navigate
to where you want to be.

Additional meanings for this card
* Being assertive is good — just don't ride
roughshod over anyone.

* If you're in a tense situation, meditate your way
to peace.

* Don't be a baby! (Sorry, but this could be the
issue.)

* You need to have more fun!

The teaching

The Full Moon in Aries is a super-fiery time, when
emotions can run very high. On the upside, there's
excitement about what may lie ahead, but tempers
are likely to flare, with rash comments or decisions.
No matter when you pull this card, it signals that
the situation has just, or is about to, come to a peak,
perhaps in a rather heated way. There could be a
price to pay if you have been too competitive or
too blunt.

69

--- Image 1 on Page 78 ---
Your dreams need a practical plan
Full Moon in Taurus

Sometimes you need to weave a bit of magic and
sometimes you need be practical — and sometimes
you need to find a combination of the two. This
card suggests that this is where you are now. You
need to use the laws of attraction to draw in what
you want (by imagining it, expecting it, welcoming
it) but you need to balance that with taking down-
to-earth steps towards your goals. This isn’t about
wishing on the Moon and hoping for the best; it's
about making something like a list of bullet points

70

--- Image 1 on Page 79 ---
Full Moon in Taurus

about how to achieve your dreams. If you're asking
about money, this card heralds a change of financial
fortunes depending on both your past actions and
what you're expecting and therefore attracting,

Attune to the Moon
Write down 10 things that you know are wonderful
about you.

Additional meanings for this card
* Laziness could explain your current situation. If
so, change that and own it!

* Chasing money doesn’t work — you need to
chase a dream.

* Jealousy or envy create negative energy and
attract negativity.

*« More exercise is called for.

The teaching

The Full Moon in Taurus is a time to get back to
earth, to get grounded, to work through any
negative feelings you've been dealing with and to
find a balance between being passionate and being
overly intense. Money issues may come to a head
at the time of the Full Moon in Taurus, but you can
take this card as a sign to pay more attention to your
cash flow no matter when you draw it.

7\

--- Image 1 on Page 80 ---
The answers you need are coming
Full Moon in Gemini

This card is a reminder that it’s important to speak
your truth, but remember that your words have
consequences and impact your listener; right now
you need to guard against indiscretion. The answers
you need may well come soon. The issue you're
facing could well be one or a few conversations away
from being resolved. If you're enquiring about a love
situation, a little flirting may be called for. If you're in
the middle of an argument, this card comes to you
as a reminder of the old, very non-Gemini message,

72

--- Image 1 on Page 81 ---
Full Moon in Gemini

‘Least said, soonest mended.’ It's good to talk but
be careful you aren't causing yourself any issues with
your words. Words have enormous power — as
metaphysician Florence Scovel Shinn (1871-1940)
put it, “Your word is your wand!’ You create magic
and your own reality every time you express yourself.

Attune to the Moon
Have an important conversation but stay calm!

Additional meanings for this card
* Don't be superficial.

* Someone is trying to flirt with you — have you
noticed?

* You need to laugh off this situation and just move
on.

* Job applications have good prospects.

The teaching

Talk, talk and more talk as the emotional Full Moon
moves into the communicative sign of Gemini. It's
too easy to say too much, so mind how you go if you
pull this card. This card can also indicate an enjoyable
social event, since the Full Moon in Gemini is a great
time for socializing. This card also augurs well for any
study you're either taking or considering.

73

--- Image 1 on Page 82 ---
A personal issue reaches resolution

Full Moon in Cancer

Things are likely to get very heated as Full Moon
in Cancer is a super-emotional sign, so there could
be something of an explosion of feelings around
now or surrounding your question. It’s important
to be sensitive to other people when you pull this
card; there are some very fine sensibilities around
so tread carefully as you move towards your goals
or dreams. This card indicates an especially feminine
time. It also heralds the time to deal with any family
issues coming up — nothing to worry about; it signals

74

--- Image 1 on Page 83 ---
Full Moon in Cancer

a challenge is now coming to an end. This card also
suggests both that a domestic matter or private
issue will soon come to a head, and that it's a great
time to move house. The answer to your question
lies in being a kind leader. This is the time for you
to step up and agree to overcome your insecurities.

Attune to the Moon
It may be best to move towards what you want in a
sideways manner.

Additional meanings for this card
* Meditate to soothe heightened emotions.

* Don't be clingy.
* Stop sulking!

* Have you had enough family time lately?

The teaching
The heightened emotions of the Moon-Cancer

combination can't be ignored. However, Cancer
is one of the Moon's two home signs (along with
Taurus) so astrologically-speaking the Moon loves
to be in this sign — in fact she rules Cancer. This
means that with this card there's a sense that ‘All is
as It should be’ or ‘Don't worry, all will soon be well’,

75

--- Image 1 on Page 84 ---
Don’t let pride get in your way
Full Moon in Leo

Have you been letting your pride become an
obstacle? Is the question you're asking based on
your ego or is it from your heart? Leo energy is all
about the heart (think of the big-hearted King of the
Jungle, the lion). Its energy is magnificent, but when
it's combined with the rush of the Full Moon it can
become over the top. This card may have come to
you because you need to end a deadlock that has
developed — more love and thoughts for the greater
good are the solution to this dilemma. If you've not

76

--- Image 1 on Page 85 ---
Full Moon in Leo

been doing ‘as you would be done by’ lately, this is
the time to find a balance between your own needs
and the needs of the people around you. This will
help all your relationships.

Attune to the Moon
Be magnificent, without being plain too much!

Additional meanings for this card
* Self-esteem is good, vanity is not.

* Everyone is equally important.

* Creative urges should be followed — work some
magic!

* A friendship may be ending now.

The teaching

When the Full Moon comes into in Leo it can be a
wonderfully bright time, where people feel more
confident to show the world their talents and
assets. That's the upside of this lunation and of this
card (no matter when you pull it). However, take
note that the Leo-Full Moon combination creates a
sort of tension between your needs and the needs
of people in your networks. Leo-Full Moon is a time
to release pride.

77

--- Image 1 on Page 86 ---
You are good enough
Full Moon in Virgo

It's time to be really honest with yourself and
understand what's lead you to ask your question. Have
you been humble to the point of being self-effacing?
Humility is good but it can go too far, and drawing this
card suggests you may be underrating yourself. You
don't have to be flash, just quietly certain that you are
good enough. At the other end of the scale, you also
need to honestly answer this question: have you been
too picky? The Full Moon in Virgo card needs some
truthful answers. Once you've given them, it should

78

--- Image 1 on Page 87 ---
Full Moon in Virgo

be easier to see how you got where you are. Your
next step should then be more obvious to you. Pay
attention to the details. Hard work brings results.

Attune to the Moon
Find a balance between the cosmic and the mundane
in your daily life.

Additional meanings for this card
* Worrying too much will attract more things to
worry about.

* Have you been overly critical? An apology may
be in order.

* Stop second-guessing yourself.

* Raise your karma by doing something good for
someone else.

The teaching

The Full Moon in Virgo is a time to declutter your
life, your home and your office. It’s the time to sort
what's good in your life from what's not serving you.
It's also the time to clear out your energies via salt
baths and meditations, and to practise getting more
grounded, by walking barefoot. No matter when
you draw this card, it's a reminder that any time is a
good time to start living a healthier life.

79

--- Image 1 on Page 88 ---
A win-win outcome is forecast
Full Moon in Libra

The Full Moon in Libra: the sign of partnership, of
falling in love and of closely relating to someone
else. Since Full Moons are about climaxes and
conclusions, this card suggests you're either about to
start a new relationship or that an important existing
relationship is changing somehow, perhaps coming
to an end or moving to a new level of commitment.
It's important to remember that people come to us
for a reason, and sometimes just for a season — if a
relationship is ending now, it’s doing so at the right

80

--- Image 1 on Page 89 ---
Full Moon in Libra

time so try not to fight it. This card can also refer
to a professional relationship. There is a sense that
you need to balance your ego with someone else's
needs. A win-win outcome is possible with give and
take. Doing so might be the answer to your question.

Attune to the Moon
Let go of that which is falling away...

Additional meanings for this card
* See the other person through the eyes of love —
it will change your perspective.

* It's time for you to make a firm decision.
* Time for you to focus on yourself for a while.
* Look after yourself but avoid vanity.

* Now is a great time for a makeover.

The teaching

No matter when you pull the Full Moon in Libra
card, it encourages you to find a balance between
your desires and those of the people around you.
Balance is a very Libran energy and the Full Moon
brings things to a peak. Dramas and upsets bring
partnerships to the fore. Libra energy also brings
love energy. Negotiations are easier.

81

--- Image 1 on Page 90 ---
It’s time to release negativity
Full Moon in Scorpio

If you've been feeling paranoid and acting weird, take
this card as a very direct message from the cosmos
to stop it! Worrying yourself is pointless. It's time to
release any negativity you have around the situation
you're asking about. If someone has been unkind to
you, perhaps it's time for you to release them. This
card heralds an emotionally intense time since both
the Full Moon and Scorpio themselves are both
extremely intense. It’s time for you to feel all your
feelings. There could be some nastiness in the air

82

--- Image 1 on Page 91 ---
Full Moon in Scorpio

when you pull this card — if that’s the case, take it as a
sign to move away from anyone or anything you feel
is toxic. For some, however, this card has a totally
different meaning: your sex life can improve now, if
you make an effort! Use your magic. You have all you
need inside you to bring about your desired result.

Attune to the Moon
Emote! It’s all better out than in.

Additional meanings for this card
* It's time to move from living fearfully to living
joyfully.

* You're right to have your suspicions.

* Grudges are toxic — let something go.

* The end of an argument.

The teaching

The Full Moon in Scorpio has a sting in its tail: it
can herald a vindictive end to a relationship. It can
also be a time when we want to be good but we're
naughty. If you pull this card, no matter when, your
dark side and your ‘shadow self’ may be showing.
The Full Moon in Scorpio is also a time of magic. If
you were thinking of making some magic, this is your
sign to do it!

83

--- Image 1 on Page 92 ---
Look at the bigger picture
Full Moon in Sagittarius

Are you thinking too much about the details of
your dilemma? Fretting over minutiae can be
counterproductive. Or perhaps you're being all talk
and no action? This card is a reminder that while it’s
good to think things through, sometimes you need
to step back and look at the bigger picture. What do
you then see about your current situation? What's
the most positive thought you can have about it?
Now is the time to count your blessings, even if you
don't yet have exactly what you want. This card is

84

--- Image 1 on Page 93 ---
Full Moon in Sagittarius

also a reminder that we often have to take a few
risks and go with uncertainty on this journey called
Life. Try to keep an open mind about what's for the
best; the Universe could surprise you.

Attune to the Moon
Take time out for a mini-break or adventure.

Additional meanings for this card

* This situation may have come around because
you've been distracted.

* Be confident (without being overconfident) to
win the day.

* Have you shown that you care? If not, now is
the time.

* Find a balance between speaking your mind and
saying too much,

The teaching

The Full Moon in Sagittarius is a time when we are
reminded that life is an adventure and there's a big
wide world to see beyond our backyard. It’s about
having fun and being prepared to sail into uncharted
territory. It's about big ideas versus the details. No
matter when you draw this card, it encourages you
to look at the bigger picture.

85

--- Image 1 on Page 94 ---
The end of a tough cycle approaches

Full Moon in Capricorn

How hard are you willing to work for what you
want? This card is reminding you that effort is
required. Work issues may be about to come to a
head when this card comes up. If you are wondering
if you should stay in your job or leave, this card
can be a strong sign to make an exit. The end of
a rough time is forecast. This card also asks you
to consider how ambitious you are and whether
you're prepared to pull out all the stops to make
your professional dreams come true, without being

86

--- Image 1 on Page 95 ---
Full Moon in Capricorn

ruthless. With a love question, this card can be a
call to face reality. Whatever situation you're asking
about, making a plan will help. If your personal life is
troubled, prioritize it more.

Attune to the Moon
Release control and trust the Universe.

Additional meanings for this card
* A professional project may be ending now.

* Admit if you have been overly hard-headed or
hard-nosed.

* Find a balance between your personal and
private lives.

* It's time to stop fearing the worst.

The teaching

The Full Moon in Capricorn has a very strong work
ethic and energy, and will more than likely come
up when you're asking a professional question. If
your question is about another matter, it will serve
as a much-needed reminder to move through any
feelings of hopelessness you may have been feeling
about your situation, and this applies no matter
when you draw the card. Making a plan is a far
better use of your time.

87

--- Image 1 on Page 96 ---
Show the world the real you
Full Moon in Aquarius

This card brings the message from the cosmos
that you need to detach a little from whatever
situation you're asking about. Someone might be
keeping you at arm's length now but it’s no bad
thing. It's important for you to allow life to unfold
and progress, even if change seems like a frightening
prospect. If you've been holding yourself back from
showing the world the real you, this card reminds
you that your unique characteristics are what make
you special. In a relationship, are you being too aloof

88

--- Image 1 on Page 97 ---
Full Moon in Aquarius

or detached? Go ahead and be yourself in whatever
is coming up for you.

Attune to the Moon
Be aware of your feelings but also be prepared to
move on.

Additional meanings for this card
* Don't lose the beauty and romance of life.

* You are too much in your head — get into your
heart!

* A friend needs you — be there for them.

* A situation is going to take a very unexpected
turn.

The teaching
Every Full Moon is a time to release and let go, but

the addition of Aquarian energy to the mix triples
that message. Aquarius is the opposite of clingy, and
pulling this card at any time suggests either you need
to let go or someone is thinking they are the ones
who need to let go — perhaps of you. What needs
to go? What is the right thing to do? Whatever
happens next could be highly unconventional or
unexpected.

89

--- Image 1 on Page 98 ---
Balance spirituality and practicality
Full Moon in Pisces

Have you been so head-in-the-clouds that you've
lost touch with reality? If so, take this card as a sign
that you need to pay attention and make a concerted
effort to move towards your goals — the more
practical steps you can take, the better. It's time to
find an inner balance between your responsibilities
and your dreams. Meditate on your question and
the solutions to your issue may now come through
very clearly. If you're in a tricky situation because
you've been acting the martyr, this card will be a

90

--- Image 1 on Page 99 ---
Full Moon in Pisces

message from the cosmos to drop the act, for
everyone's sake.

Attune with the Moon
Meditate every day and see what comes to you,
Answers will come.

Additional meanings for this card
* You're in a super-romantic — but not super-
realistic — state.

* Follow your intuition — it won't let you down.
* Atworst, this card can herald the end ofa dream.
* The person you're enquiring about is a soulmate.

* Avoid substance abuse.

The teaching

Pisces is the last sign of the zodiac, so the Full Moon in
Pisces symbolically marks endings. When the Moon
is full in Pisces, or whenever you pull this card, it’s
a time to dive deep into your emotions. Practicality
is at odds with the numinous Piscean energies that
have no borders, so feel your way now. Psychic
ability is heightened when the Full Moon is in Pisces,
and soulmates now connect. It’s also a time to send
out your dreams to the Universe, releasing your
fears.

9\

--- Image 1 on Page 101 ---
ke

a

ae

--- Image 1 on Page 102 ---
Expect powerful change

New Moon Eclipse

If you want affirmation that you can achieve your
dreams and get the desired outcome in the situation
you're asking about, then this is it. This is a card of
beginnings and there are powerful energies at work.
But be prepared: it could be quite a ride, and events
now could even be jarring and uncomfortable.
However, any new directions you take will almost
always lead somewhere better than where you
are at the moment. Whatever is happening now is
happening for a reason you'll appreciate later on.

94

--- Image 1 on Page 103 ---
New Moon Eclipse

A new portal is opening up and all you have to do is
have the courage to forget about the past and move
through it. You're being put back on the right path.
There is nothing to fear.

Attune to the Moon
Never mind the past. Life evolves every single day.

Additional meanings for this card
* Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!

* You're being shunted towards your life purpose.

* Whatever is happening now is happening for
your highest good.

* This is an important turning point in your life.

The teaching
New Moon Eclipses are among the most exciting

astrological events. They herald a complete change
of pace. It's as though you're headed in one direction,
probably being guided by your ego, and then here
comes the Divine — the Goddess, or Spirit — to turn
you instead to face the direction you actually need
to go. Regardless of whether or not there's a New
Moon Eclipse happening when you pull this card, it’s
a powerful affirmation of positive turnarounds.

95

--- Image 1 on Page 104 ---
Conclusions are within reach
Full Moon Eclipse

Full Moon Eclipse — and just like that, a door slams
shut! If you've pulled this card, it suggests that the
situation you're asking is about to reach a peak, or
has just done so, and things are now out of your
hands. What you're experiencing now is what your
soul signed up for — a way for you to learn and for
your soul to evolve. So allow events to unfold and
be easy on yourself. If you're letting go of someone
or something, know that it's the right time, as hard
as it might be. Forgiving someone for what they did

96

--- Image 1 on Page 105 ---
Full Moon Eclipse

could be key to resolving this situation in a positive
way. It doesn’t make right what they did, but it
releases It So you can move on.

Attune to the Moon
That which is meant for me will not pass me by.

Additional meanings for this card
* Doors which slam shut now will not reopen.

* It's time for you to get back on track.
* Forgiveness will set you free of karma.

* Meditation, pranayama and yoga nidra are all
recommended now.

* Cede control and let events unfold.

The teaching

Full Moons are nearly always about climaxes and
very often about conclusions; Full Moon Eclipses
are the same, but on steroids. A Full Moon Eclipse
can be hard to handle because it portents change,
something many of us are uncomfortable with.
But change is a part of life and this card, no matter
when you pull it, reminds you of that fact. Full Moon
Eclipses can also give us a glimpse into what Carl Jung
called ‘the shadow self’. Work with your darkness.

97

--- Image 1 on Page 106 ---
The energy is gaining momentum
Waxing Moon

During the Waxing Moon cycle, hope springs
eternal. This card is a very positive omen, indicating
that you can create the reality you're dreaming
of, though it will take some work and you're not
quite there yet. This is a time of energies rising up.
Emotions are building too. Where do you want to
go and do you believe you can get there? Either
you can just keep meditating and focusing on your
desired outcome or you can make the courageous
commitment to take more practical steps towards

98

--- Image 1 on Page 107 ---
Waxing Moon

your goals. Whichever you decide, you are most
certainly on the right track.

Attune to the Moon
| know I'm headed in the right direction.

Additional meanings for this card

* The situation is full of potential.
* Your dream can come true.

* More effort is yet required — are you willing to
give it?

* Review your goals and ensure you're still
committed.

* Keep moving forwards.

The teaching

The Waxing cycle is the period of the lunar cycle
from New Moon to Full Moon, and during this
time the Moon appears to be slightly bigger and
rounder every night. This is a very empowered and
empowering time, and this is a very promising card.
suggests now is the time to make plans and to act
on them, no matter when you actually pull the card.

99

--- Image 1 on Page 108 ---
What do you need to release?
Waning Moon

The Waning Moon points to what's falling away. Life
goes in cycles and sometimes we need downtime
or to let go. No matter when in the Moon cycle you
pull this card, it's a sign that a situation has peaked,
for better or worse, and it’s time for you to go easier.
It's the autumn and winter of the cycle. So what do
you need to release? Almost certainly something
from the situation you're asking about. This card can
be very positive but it can still be gently suggesting
that you let something go and stop trying so hard.

100

--- Image 1 on Page 109 ---
Waning Moon

Attune to the Moon
It's safe to let go and move on.

Additional meanings for this card
* Move forward with as little resistance as possible.

* This is not the time to start new projects.

* Releasing emotional baggage is recommended
now.

* Say sorry to someone.
* Do energetic work such as meditation or yoga.

* Soon you will see what lies ahead.

The teaching

At the time of the Waning cycle, take a moment
to look up in the skies every night — you will see
the Moon growing smaller and smaller as she moves
from Full to New again. It’s the time when things are
falling away; it's certainly not the time to cling on
to anyone or anything. Drawing this card suggests
your situation is in its autumn and winter phase, so
hunker down and start the regeneration process.

10]

--- Image 1 on Page 110 ---
Nothing will come of this situation
Void-of-Course Moon

In a form of astrology known as ‘horary’, where
an astrological chart is cast according to when the
question is asked and decoded, a Void-of-Course
Moon means ‘Nothing will come of this matter’ or
‘This situation will bear no fruit’. This may or may not
be good news, depending on what you are asking.
For example, if you were worried about something,
whatever it was, this card can be taken as a sign
that there is nothing to worry about. However,
if you're asking about a new project of any kind,

102

--- Image 1 on Page 111 ---
Void-of-Course Moon

including a new relationship, it’s a sign to adjust your
expectations or change things so you get a different
outcome. Remember, the cards can only predict
what you are currently creating, and you can change
that with your both behaviour and beliefs.

Attune to the Moon
| trust in my highest good.

Additional meanings for this card

e

The teaching

The chances of something are diminishing.
Something better may be around the corner.
Believe that you will get what you need.
Surrender to the Divine.

Take time out, meditate and contemplate.

The main definition of a Void-of-Course Moon is
when the Moon won't make a major connection
with any of the planets until she enters the next
sign. The best thing you can do when you get this
card is to chant the Sanskrit words, ‘Om Namo
Narayanil’, which mean, ‘| surrender to the Divine’.
A Void-of-Course Moon is time to just ‘be’.

103

--- Image 1 on Page 112 ---
Be bold and make the first move
Cardinal Moon

Now is the time to be bold — bossy, even. Take
matters into your own hands. Cardinal signs are
powerful and self-starting; they're determined
and great at organizing. Drawing this card strongly
suggests that you're going to need to be all those
things to get your ideal resolution or position in the
situation you're asking about. This card may challenge
you on how strongly you really want something. If
you're worrying about a situation, it is a suggestion
to be less passive. Instead, take an assertive stance

104

--- Image 1 on Page 113 ---
Cardinal Moon

as you steer events where you want them to go.
Speak up for what you want. If you're serious about
sorting things out, you may need to take the lead in
some way, to step up as a leader.

Attune to the Moon
| am taking charge of my destiny!

Additional meanings for this card
* Be bold and follow your heart and your emotions.

* Avoid recklessness or moving too fast.

* Come into your power; the time for action is
now!

* Ask Ganesha, the Hindu Elephant god, for help.

The teaching

In astrology, there are three quadruplicities:
Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable. The Cardinal signs
are Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn (remember,
we each have all 12 signs in our chart, for different
parts of our lives — it's just the way the astrological
wheel works). These are the signs that like to get
things started and which are the natural leaders.
No matter when you draw this card, it’s a sign that
something new is starting and you quite possibly
need to take the lead on it.

105

--- Image 1 on Page 114 ---
Hold your vision
Fixed Moon

There are two main possibilities with this card.
The first is that you need to stand firm in whatever
situation you're in. The second, very different,
interpretation is that something is stuck. That could
well be referring to the situation you're asking
about. If that’s the case, have a think about what you
can do to grease the wheels so that events move
forward. Are you being stubborn? If so, that's great,
because if you really want things to change, there's
a solution: stop digging your heels in! Be the one

106

--- Image 1 on Page 115 ---
Fixed Moon

to break a deadlock. With two interpretations for
this card, it's up to you to decide what's going on
and which meaning applies to you. This offers up a
chance for some self-reflection.

Attune to the Moon
Yes. Just say the word a lot and see how it feels.

Additional meanings for this card
* Staying-power, faith or patience are needed.

* Someone needs to back down.

° Avoid stagnation.

* A personal or professional relationship will be
enduring.

The teaching

In astrology, there are three quadruplicities:
Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable. The Fixed signs are
Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. The Fixed signs
can be stubborn, so anything that’s just starting as
you draw this card may well last longer. (Remember,
we each have all the star signs in our chart — it's just
the way the astrological wheel works — so there's
no judgement when we say that while it’s admirable
how much staying-power the Fixed signs have, they
can also be obstinate.)

107

--- Image 1 on Page 116 ---
Nothing is yet set in stone
Mutable Moon

‘Mutable’ is all about change — shape-shifting, even;
that something is still developing. This card indicates
that something is indeed changing and there's
room for manoeuvre. So take it as a sign that the
situation you're asking about is far from finalized.
If you're not happy with the current state of play,
that’s marvellous — it means you can still change
the course of the outcome. However, there is also
a sense that the situation could perhaps be a little
unstable. For some this is great news because you

108

--- Image 1 on Page 117 ---
Mutable Moon

can still influence it. Others will struggle with the
uncertainty, but should stay with it a little longer.
Either way, nothing is set in stone yet.

Attune to the Moon
‘| know that the best will unfold for me.’

Additional meanings for this card
* You're meandering towards your goal and that's
okay.

* Staying adaptable is the key to success for you
now.

* Make sure you're not being led astray!
* Have you become distracted? Time to focus!

* Stay with it, whatever ‘it’ means to you.

The teaching

In astrology, there are three so-called quadruplicities;
Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable. The Mutable signs are
Gemini, Sagittarius, Virgo and Pisces, and when the
Moon is in one of these signs, you know there's
going to be more flexibility in a situation. Any time
you pull this card, it suggests there's the opportunity
to keep visualizing and affirming what you want, as
there's still room for change. So think about what
you want, and enjoy the daydream!

109

--- Image 1 on Page 118 ---
Emotions are running high!
Supermoon

This card suggests that the answer to whatever
you're asking is writ large like the silvery Full Moon
set against the velvety night sky. If you're wondering
how successful something is going to be, such as a job
or a relationship, the answer is very. To use common
parlance, the answer to your question may well be
that it's under your nose! This card is about being
larger than life, being special and bursting with energy
that you can tune into and work with. You can expect
plenty of good things and a positive outcome when

110

--- Image 1 on Page 119 ---
Supermoon

this card comes up, but you may find there's a lot of
emotion to deal with too. There's also a sense that
the opportunities around whatever you're asking
about don't come along every day, so take action.

Attune to the Moon
Success is close. | just must trust!

Additional meanings for this card
¢ A resolution to your question is closer than you
may think,

* Don't ignore the obvious.
* Something exciting lies ahead!

* Make sure you don't blow events out of
proportion.

* Speak to the Goddess — ask her for assistance.

The teaching

A Supermoon is a New or Full Moon that takes place
when the Moon is at its closest point to the Earth
during its monthly orbit, an event known as perigee.
If it's a Full Moon, the Moon appears around 14 per
cent bigger at this time. The Moon is known as the
Queen of Emotions, and if you draw the Supermoon
card (regardless of when you do this) you can expect
your feelings to be more highly charged.

Hl

--- Image 1 on Page 120 ---
Believe in the impossible

Blue Moon

As the saying goes, some things happen ‘only once in
a Blue Moon’. In other words, hardly ever. Drawing
this card suggests you're about to get a rare chance,
and that something ‘one-off’ could well be about to
happen. This card is a very positive sign if you've felt
like you're hoping for too much, or asking too much
of the Universe. Whatever you are asking about —
well, it might only happen once in a Blue Moon but
it can happen! However, with this rare opportunity
before you, it's important that you believe in it. If

112

--- Image 1 on Page 121 ---
Blue Moon

you convince yourself that whatever you're asking
about can never go in your favour, then guess what?
It won't go in your favour! Be grateful for this card,
which is a reminder to believe in your dreams.

Attune to the Moon
I'm lucky!

Additional meanings for this card

* Miss this chance and it might not come back any
time soon,

* What happened may only happen once.
* The person you're enquiring about is a rare find.
* If you can believe it, you can achieve it.

* This situation is unlikely to repeat.

There are usually three Full Moons between each
equinox and solstice (and vice versa). Sometimes,
though, we get four Full Moons in a single season.
When that happens, the third of the season's four
Full Moons is called a Blue Moon — at least, that was
the original definition of a Blue Moon. These days
's popular to use the Blue Moon for the second
Full Moon in any calendar month that has two Full
Moons.

113

--- Image 1 on Page 122 ---
Don’t let your past hold you back
South Node

The South Node, like the North Node, is a karmic
point, but it’s opposite to the North Node and
relates to the past, perhaps even to past lives.
Whatever you're going through and whatever
you're asking about, there's a chance that age-old
programming and conditioning is stopping you from
achieving all that you might. Do you feel stuck in
something? This card will often come as a sign tha
the situation or relationship you're asking abou
has somehow become suffocating, even toxic. |

114

--- Image 1 on Page 123 ---
South Node

suggests that someone (you, even) needs to be
released, that there's some kind of addiction going
on or an unhealthy attachment that needs to be
sorted out. One thing is for sure — when you get this
card you're being challenged to make some changes,
even if staying where you are feels easier and safer.

Attune to the Moon
| release the past.

Additional meanings for this card
¢ A relationship is karmic and has played out
across many lifetimes.

* Your attraction to someone may be verging on
the obsessive.

* Just because you can do something, doesn't
mean you should.

The teaching

The South Node is where the Moon crosses the
ecliptic going south. On the horoscope chart it
shows us what we are likely to become obsessed
with, but which will probably do us little or no good.
The South Node is the karmic astrological point
that reminds us of the well-known phrase, ‘If you
always do what you've always done, you'll always get
what you've always got!’

115

--- Image 1 on Page 124 ---
Step out of your comfort zone
North Node

There's a strong feeling when you get this card that
it's time to leave the past behind somehow, because
you are headed in the right direction. If you want to
be happy and fulfilled, you need to get going towards
doing the thing that scares you (within reason!). This
card is all about living your life-purpose, which is
possibly what you've asked about. It's urging you to
dare to do something different with your life and
your direction, to take action. So are you willing
to follow through and lead the life you incarnated

116

--- Image 1 on Page 125 ---
North Node

to live? If you finally find the courage to make the
leap, there's a good chance you'll come to ask
yourself, ‘Why did | wait so long?’

Attune to the Moon
| know I'm headed in the right direction.

Additional meanings for this card
* You're headed for something which feels like
‘destiny’.

* You need to face a fear and get over it.

* Time to stop obsessing about someone or
something.

* Stand on your own two feet.

* You've got this!

The teaching

The North Node is where the Moon crosses the
ecliptic going north. It’s a karmic point and on
the horoscope chart shows us what we need to
do and where we need to go with our life to find
satisfaction, fulfilment and happiness. The North
Node is the karmic astrological point that reminds
us — to paraphrase André Gide — that in order to
discover new oceans, we have to be prepared to
lose sight of the shore.

117

--- Image 1 on Page 126 ---
ABOUT THE ARTIST

Nyx Rowan is a freelance artist, illustrator and
watercolourist. She is fascinated by the natural
world and derives much of her artistic inspiration
from wildlife, botany, space and mythology.

She lives in British Columbia, Canada, and loves
to hike and take frequent excursions to the
mountains to explore and recharge.

Gm www.nyxrowan.com
wy

f nyxrowan

@ @nyxrowan

--- Image 1 on Page 127 ---
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Yasmin Boland is an award-winning astrologer,
moonologer and bestselling author. She’s also one
of the most widely-read astrology writers on the
planet, with columns published all over the world.

Yasmin loves all astrology but has a special interest
in the Moon, specifically the New and Full Moons.
Visit her website to read her Daily Moon Message,
plus her weekly, monthly and annual horoscopes
and moonscopes. Yasmin’s previous books include
Moonology and Astrology Made Easy.

ny www.moonology.com
yy

f yasminboland

© @moonologydotcom

WV @yasminboland

119

--- Image 1 on Page 128 ---
Anywhere, anytime card readings
on your mobile device!

Download the mobile app and
get a FREE 7-Day Trial

BA Browse Cards

yad a Reading

Guidebook

Introduction

Jow to Use the Ca

Shop for Apps

"BEGIN A READING

Available in the App Store
@ App Store
or visit www.hayhouse.com/apps
